Hello and welcome to the course.
So for those of you who are new here.
My name is Andrew and welcome.
In this course we're going to be talking about javascript specifically.
We're going to be talking about E6.
And for those of you who are completely new to programming I really don't recommend this course but
javascript is the programming language of the web as of the time of this recording it's the only language
that can be used on the front end.
As a programming language and it is perhaps one of the most popular ones in existence iOS 6 was essentially
an update and it was perhaps one of the biggest updates in the history of the language.
So my goal in this course is to teach you everything that you need to know about this update from front
to back.
And I only teach you the syntax for the new features that are available to you but also kind of explain
different use cases and how you might implement these features in your code today.
Now there is a lot of new features in this course and some of them are still being figured out as far
as how they can be applied to real life code in the wild.
But at the end of the day I'm going to teach you from front to back.
And the use cases that have arisen for a lot of these new features so with all of that being said let's
go ahead and get star.